c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\obj\x86\Debug\CyberShooter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\CyberShooter.exe.config
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\CyberShooter.exe
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\CyberShooter.pdb
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\obj\x86\Debug\CyberShooter.exe
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\obj\x86\Debug\CyberShooter.pdb
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\plattform.bmp
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\plattform.xnb
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\CyberShooter.exe.config
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\obj\x86\Debug\CyberShooter.exe
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\obj\x86\Debug\CyberShooter.pdb
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\obj\x86\Debug\CyberShooter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\plattform.bmp
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\plattform.xnb
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\CyberShooter.exe
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\CyberShooter.pdb
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\CyberShooter\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\Cyberphunk\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\CyberShooter.exe.config
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\Cyberphunk\CyberShooter\obj\x86\Debug\CyberShooter.exe
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\Cyberphunk\CyberShooter\obj\x86\Debug\CyberShooter.pdb
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\Cyberphunk\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\plattform.bmp
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\Cyberphunk\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\plattform.xnb
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\Cyberphunk\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\CyberShooter.exe
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\Cyberphunk\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\CyberShooter.pdb
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\Cyberphunk\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\Cyberphunk\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\Cyberphunk\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\Cyberphunk\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\Cyberphunk\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\Cyberphunk\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\Cyberphunk\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\Cyberphunk\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\Cyberphunk\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\Cyberphunk\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\Cyberphunk\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\Cyberphunk\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\Cyberphunk\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\Cyberphunk\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\Cyberphunk\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\Cyberphunk\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\Cyberphunk\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\Cyberphunk\CyberShooter\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\Martin\Desktop\Cyberphunk\CyberShooter\obj\x86\Debug\CyberShooter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
